update readme (#7)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF_how_to_use_gantt_control_in_xaf_solution: README.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T885407)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

# XAF WinForms - How to Use the Gantt Control to Display a List of Tasks

> This example integrate the WinForms [Gantt Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/401173/controls-and-libraries/gantt-control/gantt-control) in an XAF WinForms application. Gantt displays a list of business objects (tasks) as a project schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example integrates the WinForms [Gantt Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/401173/controls-and-libraries/gantt-control/gantt-control) in an XAF WinForms application. Gantt displays a list of business objects (tasks) as a project schedule.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14300209/82027691-4d5a0b00-969d-11ea-936f-a68f863d9f8a.png)

## Implementation Details

> Follow the steps below to add the [Gantt Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/401173/controls-and-libraries/gantt-control/gantt-control) in your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to add the [Gantt Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/401173/controls-and-libraries/gantt-control/gantt-control) to your application:
```

> 1. Implement a business class that will contain task records in the Gantt Control data source (copy [ITask.cs](CS/EF/GanttSolution/GanttSolution.Module/BusinessObjects/ITask.cs) and [Task.cs](CS/EF/GanttSolution/GanttSolution.Module/BusinessObjects/Task.cs) files to *YourSolutionName.Module/BusinessObjects* folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Implement a business class that contains task records in the Gantt Control data source (copy [ITask.cs](CS/EF/GanttSolution/GanttSolution.Module/BusinessObjects/ITask.cs) and [Task.cs](CS/EF/GanttSolution/GanttSolution.Module/BusinessObjects/Task.cs) files to *YourSolutionName.Module/BusinessObjects* folder).
```

1. Copy the following files to the *YourSolutionName.Win* project and build your solution:
    - [GanttSolution.Win/Controllers/RibbonCustomizationWindowController.cs](CS/EF/GanttSolution/GanttSolution.Win/Controllers/RibbonCustomizationWindowController.cs)
    - [GanttSolution.Win/Editors/CustomGanttEditor.cs](CS/EF/GanttSolution/GanttSolution.Win/Editors/CustomGanttEditor.cs)

1. Double click the *YourSolutionName.Win/Model.xafml* file to invoke the Model Editor. Navigate to the **Views** | **YourTaskClass_ListView** node and set `EditorType` to `GanttSolution.Module.Win.Editors.CustomGanttEditor`.

> **Note**

> > This example is not a complete solution. Thoroughly test, extend and modify its code to meet your business requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This example is not a complete solution. You can test, extend, and modify its code to meet your business requirements.
```
